[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we have Sergeant
Clifford Stone, who
has many experiences
in the military dealing
with extraterrestrials.
Sergeant Stone,
welcome to the show.
>>CLIFFORD STONE:
Thank you, sir.
It's my pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: What is the
United States Army's
interplanetary research?
>>CLIFFORD: It was the United
States Army interplanetary
research unit that
wasn't a unit.
This was a group of
field-grade officers.
And I'm sure there
was much more to it,
but they would meet in a
certain room in the Pentagon.
Its whole purpose was
to go ahead and try
to work with the exploitation of
the advanced technologies that
was coming to them to create
a program in which they could
go ahead and make a rocket that
would, in fact, go to the Moon
and come back to
the Earth safely.
But they had to get
this information
from debris of crashed UFOs
and things of this sort.
>>EMERY: So who was part of this
unit, and why was it created?
>>CLIFFORD: Well, actually,
in 1942, Douglas MacArthur
asked General Doolittle
to go ahead and find out
what was behind all the these
reports of foo fighters.
They were seeing them
in the European theater,
and they were seeing them
in the Pacific theater.
The Allied command
was to the point
where they were
acknowledging they were real.
They existed.
And they concluded
that they were
some new advanced technologies
of the Axis Powers.
But they had shown no
signs of hostility.
Doolittle came back
and told MacArthur
that we had spectators
of this worldwide event
we called the Second
World War who did not
originate from this planet.
And of course, he
stated "outer space."
They didn't know things
about multidimensional,
interdimensional
possibilities at that time.
So they concluded
that these were,
in fact, interplanetary
visitors,
probably from Mars or Venus.
>>EMERY: Did they know back
then that they were coming back
and forth already to the Earth?
>>CLIFFORD: No.
They didn't know
about it at that time
because there was no real
intelligence organizations
within the US government until
just before the Second World
War.
Then when that came
into being, then, you
know, it was MacArthur, who
he had to get up and go.
And he wanted to know
what these things were.
So they hit up on that.
It was MacArthur.
Remember, the Air Force
didn't exist at the time.
>>EMERY: Right, the army.
>>CLIFFORD: It was
the Army Air Corps.
And the Air Force would
not come into existence
until the National
Security Act of 1947.
So with it being the Army Air
Corps, the Army still had,
you know, control over
everything along those lines.
There were enemy aircraft
that got shot down.
Of course, we were
always interested
in trying to find out
any new technologies that
might be involved in the
aircraft the Axis Powers were
using.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>CLIFFORD: And there was no
special order given about, OK.
Jap zero went down here.
We need a special team
to go out and get that--
>>EMERY: Retrieval--
>>CLIFFORD: Retrieval
on that craft.
It would be who was
ever out there, get it.
Bring it back.
Then we would have
experts take a look at it.
That changed after
MacArthur found out
that these were not just events
where aircraft went down,
that there were some craft that
may actually have some very
unique things on them.
>>EMERY: So what
did they discover?
>>CLIFFORD: Well,
they discovered
that there were certain
craft that were not
generic to this planet.
Now, it became
necessary from the time
they were discovered to the
time they were delivered
to a rear echelon area,
where experts go over
them to be specialized--
by a specialized team.
So it would no longer be
to the foot soldier that
was out there to get it
back to an area where
they could package it and send
it back to a safe haven area.
Now, they needed
that special team.
This right here
is a 1944 document
that clearly shows that
there would be an officer
and team of personnel.
And this officer and
team of personnel
would go ahead with crashed
aircraft, take control of them,
and get them back to
that safe haven area.
>>EMERY: And who was in
charge of these people?
>>CLIFFORD: Well,
in this instance,
it would actually have been
MacArthur, because this
is from the Pacific.
And the interesting thing,
if you had an ID card,
you got your picture on it.
You got your signature on it.
This made it clear and
that introduces the fact
that this officer is the
one that's in charge.
He's going to take charge
of that crashed aircraft.
And we're going to move
it back to a safe haven
area in the rear, where
experts can look at it.
Prior to that, they didn't
have anything like that.
>>EMERY: What's the
significance of this document?
>>CLIFFORD: Well,
prior to that time,
from the start of the
war all the way up to--
actually, this came
into being in 1942.
But all the way up
to '42, you know,
it didn't matter who had access
to that crashed aircraft.
It didn't matter how it got
back to a safe haven area,
if it ever got back
to a safe haven area.
They could look
at it at the field
and do what we call "field
exploitation" of that craft,
then move on.
This right here
made it to the point
where now, there were
specialized people trained
in the specialty of moving that
craft from where it was located
to a safe haven area in the rear
where experts could look at it
and exploit the technology
that was in that craft
or on that craft because this
was technology that was not
technology that
originated on this planet.
>>EMERY: Did they
reverse engineer
any of this technology?
>>CLIFFORD: Actually,
from the onset,
they started to go ahead
and find out certain things.
>>EMERY: What type of things?
>>CLIFFORD: I don't
know for a fact.
I can't prove it, but
you'll hear stories
coming out of Vietnam
about them having
enemy soldiers on the ground.
And all of a sudden,
they disappeared
when a helicopter would
go over and shoot, like,
a beam of light down to some
of these enemy soldiers.
Those were known as "lasers."
And they were
military-strength lasers
that could go ahead and cut
through metal and really
totally disintegrate a person.
Now, whether we used
those in Vietnam or these
were just stories because
people knew those weapons were
in existence, I don't know.
I do know that during
Vietnam, once again,
like every other war
we had, we had UFOs.
And we were told--
our people were
told, you identify these as
unidentified aircraft are
enemy helicopters-- keyword,
not "unidentified helicopter,"
but "enemy helicopters."
We went ahead.
We bonded them.
We tried to go ahead
and intercept them.
The word was, don't shoot them
because they could be Allied
aircraft, Allied helicopters
on friendly missions.
But when you have a helicopter
that an F-105 Thunderchief
cannot go ahead and catch up
with, that's some helicopter.
>>EMERY: That's amazing.
>>CLIFFORD: So during the
whole course of the war,
we never got--
officially, we never
got any photographs
of the enemy helicopters
or unidentified aircraft.
We picked them up on radar.
We tried to make
every attempt we could
to get photographs of them.
But on June 30, 1968,
there was a meeting
held at MACV headquarters.
The subject was the
unidentified flying objects,
not enemy helicopters or
unidentified aircraft but UFOs,
Unidentified Flying
Objects, that
was being observed there
in Vietnam and as to what
we should do about them.
The decision from that meeting
would determine whether when
we came across UFOs, would
we engage them with fire
to try to bring them down?
It was determined that
if the UFOs did not
show any type of
a hostile action
toward us, that we
would not shoot at them.
We would make attempt,
the special aircraft,
to try to make or take
photographs of them.
To date, the meeting itself,
the minutes of the meeting,
and the conclusions
reached there
and the recommendations
are still classified.
>>EMERY: Is that unit
still in existence today?
>>CLIFFORD: I think it is.
The US government says it isn't.
But yes, I think it is.
But I think it's
much more expanded.
It's not just members
of the US Army anymore.
I think we have members of the
US Navy and the US Air Force.
And the-- contrary to popular
belief, the United States Navy
plays a much larger role in
this than the other branches
of service.
Why that is, I
have no knowledge.
>>EMERY: So what other devices
and manufacturing tools
have we gained from this
extraterrestrial technology?
>>CLIFFORD: Some of
the things that--
the fibers that lock, the
Kevlar that's bulletproof.
And also, like
the fiber optics--
what we have is very earthly.
But we got it by
exploiting the technology
we got off these craft.
And the situation is
it didn't end there.
As a result of this
unit, some of the things
that came into
play, they realized
that they had to go
ahead and get this
but make it look like it was
really part of the intelligence
community doing their job and
making sure that never ever
again after Pearl Harbor would
the United States ever be
a victim of technological
surprise in a war.
So we formulated to where
we had the project--
Project Moon Dust set up.
Then we also had
Operation Blue Fly.
Project Moon Dust was
the overall program
to recover only two items,
objects of non-US origin
that survived reentry into
the Earth's atmosphere,
because, you know, we could
gather technical intelligence
from that object.
We would also-- if we found that
they had advanced technology
that we might be
interested in, we
could exploit that
advanced technology.
In the objects that survived
reentry into the US atmosphere,
it was very earthly.
Very seldom did we find
the advanced technology.
And at the time, we would scare
the daylights out of Congress
because the military would
always go ahead and say,
the Russians are way
ahead of us on this.
The Russians are way
ahead of us on that.
I can tell you from the
documents that I retrieved,
that was just to
get more money out
of Congress, by scaring
the daylights out of them.
And it worked.
Project Blue Fly, they were
the actual recovery teams
that went out and did the
recovery of these objects,
pretty much like the
aftermath of this right here.
Now, the situation
is that now, they
were bringing back
objects of non-US origin,
of non-origin of any planet.
And we were exploiting
that technology.
And we made headway.
I mean, take a look.
Of all the advantages
since the Second World
War to present day,
we have actually
progressed technologically
almost 200 years ahead
of our time technologically
as to where we should be now.
>>EMERY: Horse and
buggy to the Moon.
>>CLIFFORD: Absolutely.
And the whole situation is
here, it was Kennedy said,
"By the end of this decade,
we are going to the Moon,
not because it is easy,
because it is hard."
Now, with that being
said, Kennedy knew.
But he was killed before he
had a chance to get it out.
And I think he was going to make
it clear we're going to do it.
NASA, who wasn't privy
to all this information,
was doing their own little thing
to get at-- with the Apollo
project to get us to the Moon
and get our people back safely.
The United States
Army in the late 1950s
was working on a program to
where we would have a band
expedition to the Moon by 1960.
They were also planning
to have a 12-man Moon
base, permanent Moon base,
by 1963, June of 1963.
We also knew that our
weapons here on Earth
would not work on the Moon as
effectively as they work here
on Earth.
So we went ahead
and we developed--
once again, the
United States Army--
we developed
weapons systems that
would be very effective
against any enemy we
might find on the Moon.
And the documents that
are talking about this
made it clear that if it was
Soviet troops or something
else.
Now, all of this sounds like
hooey you pull out of the air
or from science fiction movies.
What I'm talking to
you about right now
are documents most American
people do not even know exist.
And this technology
wasn't a dream.
It existed.
Before the Russians got
their satellite, Sputnik--
Sputnik I, October
the 4th, 1957,
before they got it out in
space, the United States Army
launched a missile,
a rocket, that
went out 5,000 miles out in
space and came back to Earth.
Now, who got upset and
angry when they found out
this happened and we let the
Russians get that satellite
up there before us?
None other than, at the time,
Senator Lyndon Baines Johnson,
because now he knew that
we had the technology
to put a satellite up there
before the Russians did.
In reality, we probably
had a satellite up there
before the Russians
put Sputnik up there.
And that would have been
as a result of the National
Reconnaissance Organization.
>>EMERY: NRO.
>>CLIFFORD: They went ahead.
They were working on satellites
before NASA came into being.
When NASA went ahead and
started their program
to work on Apollo, they had
to find a site on the Moon.
So they decided to go ahead and
send a craft around the Moon,
taking photographs.
Only they did not have
a good enough camera
that would take the
high-resolution photographs
they needed.
The NRO gave them
a camera, which
was part of their old
technology, and said,
well, you know,
we developed this.
You try it and see
if it works for you.
They put less than
$200,000 on that camera
and came up with a camera
that was really good--
took high-resolution pictures.
That was the antiquated
technology of the NRO.
The NRO at the time
had a camera that
did far better resolution than
that camera would have done.
But here again, if
they'd given it to NASA,
that would possibly be a gapping
wound in the side of the NRO
to let them know
that it existed.
As it was, the NRO came into
existence back in the late
'50s, became official in 1962,
and would not be known by most
members of Congress or
anyone else until 19--
1992.
>>EMERY: Could you
break down for us
the United States Army
Interplanetary Research
Phenomena Unit?
>>CLIFFORD: Well, the only
thing I can really point out
is that it was originally
started by General Douglas
MacArthur, because he now knew.
And he shared this information,
and there were already
other people that knew.
And I would suggest--
I don't know for a
fact, but I would
suggest the people were
handpicked by, at the time,
the director of
Central Intelligence,
simply because everyone thinks
the Air Force had control
of everything.
It was very, very quiet
that it was the CIA's Office
of Scientific Intelligence that
actually had control over the--
the entire UFO situation.
It was from that office that
the Air Force was directed
to downplay the UFO phenomena.
Even when they did
the Project Blue Book,
established it in 1948--
December 1948, December
10, 1948-- the Air Force
released a report that would
remain classified until 1985.
And that report was Air
Intelligence Report 203.
And the Office of
Naval Intelligence
played a role in that, also.
Now, the estimate
of the situation
was already done and sent
for General Hoyt Vandenberg,
went and chastised
Air Intelligence.
And I believe that even the
Office of Naval Intelligence
was involved there.
But here again, Air Intelligence
was the chief orchestrator.
They did the estimate
of the situation.
Situation-- UFOs estimate.
Some UFOs were interplanetary.
Hoyt Vandenberg said,
no, no, no, no, no.
You don't have the physical
evidence-- keyword,
"physical"--
to prove this.
Therefore, you cannot
come to that conclusion.
So the report was--
and you know you
don't do it this way--
ordered destroyed.
And no copies were to be kept.
I guarantee you somewheres
in the archives,
there is one copy
of that report.
The reason I state that,
Air Intelligence Report
203 concluded that
some UFOs were real.
They were exhibiting
highly advanced technology,
and we needed to find out more.
The reason we needed
to find out more,
that technology could
be a technology that
had been developed by the--
by the former Soviet states.
And once again, the
hierarchy of the Air Force
came in, said,
gee, this report--
this was when it was
asked to be declassified--
came in.
No, no, no, no.
Don't declassify it.
This report alludes to things
that the Air Force has never
ever made public that
they might even believe.
They ordered all copies
of that report destroyed.
And the situation is a little
snowflake in-- a little message
sheet that made it clear.
All copies of this report
has been destroyed,
with the exception
of one copy that
is being kept for prosperity.
And that surfaced
from the archives,
and I think it
was March of 1985.
>>EMERY: So what are they
doing today hands-on with this?
>>CLIFFORD: Well, the
whole situation is
is that Moon Dust, which once
again was the overall recovery
of objects of non-US
origin survives reentry
into the Earth's atmosphere and
objects of unknown origin, that
exists to this day.
They're going to deny it,
but it exists to this day.
When the name was
compromised in 1985,
they went ahead and
changed the name.
>>EMERY: To what?
>>CLIFFORD: We don't know.
I wish I did know,
because then I'd
be going after the documents
with-- under that name.
Blue Fly is the same thing.
But they always tried to
downplay it and blame it
on the Russians.
Blame it on the Russians.
The problem is is that
some of the documentation
surfaced that has made it clear.
For example, it was in 1963,
I think, that in the Sudan,
we recovered a satellite that
weighed something like six
tons or something like that.
No satellite weighed
that much at that time.
That-- with a lot
of difficulty, we
cut a couple pieces
of that satellite
off to send-- to forward
it on to laboratories
here in the United States to
try to determine the material it
was made out of, while all
the time, we're saying,
it seems to be made of aluminum.
Aluminum's hard to cut.
What happened to that satellite?
We don't know.
>>EMERY: And was that
a satellite or a craft?
>>CLIFFORD: I think
it was a craft.
I don't think it was
a satellite at all.
>>EMERY: I believe so, too.
>>CLIFFORD: The
whole situation is
is that they could come
out and tell us who
and what the name of that
six-ton satellite was.
Who-- who put it out there?
Who made it?
For what purpose was it?
And to date, that's
not happened.
But the programs
are still going on.
>>EMERY: What
three-letter agencies
are involved with this?
And where's the
information going?
>>CLIFFORD: Every agency in
the United States government
is gathering this type of data.
Within each agency, they
have a special office
that reports directly back
to the Central Intelligence
Agency's Office of
Scientific Intelligence.
The Office of
Scientific Intelligence
reports directly to the director
of Central Intelligence,
the Central Intelligence Agency.
But that being said, the Central
Intelligence-- the director
of the CIA is answerable only
to the President of the United
States.
Now, the scary part--
the director of the Central
Intelligence Agency,
while he has to keep
quiet about all this,
doesn't even necessarily
have to report back
to the President of the United
States, that temporary resident
of the White House, as to
what's all behind this.
>>EMERY: So does the president
know what's going on?
And is he the only person that
knows, besides these agencies?
>>CLIFFORD: The director
of Central Intelligence
knows what's going on.
He does not-- he's
not required to brief
the president on any of this.
Many presidents have
asked, and many presidents
have been denied
that information.
>>EMERY: Do you see that as a
threat to the American people
and to the world?
>>CLIFFORD: Absolutely .
I see that as a big-time threat.
This is supposed to be--
you know, we call
it a democracy.
We're a republic.
Democracy is where anything
and everything that goes on,
everyone votes on it.
We're too lazy to do that.
Therefore, we elect members
of Congress, the members of--
of the Senate and House
of Representatives.
>>EMERY: You're saying
they're handpicked?
These individuals?
>>CLIFFORD: The people who know?
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>CLIFFORD: They're
handpicked, and they're not
even elected officials.
When we have a UFO that
we're going out to recover,
we have a group of
people that meet
what they call "the situation
room" there at the White House.
Normally, that would be the
National Security Council.
But this is a hand-select
people who are directly,
for a lifetime, associated
with being in the know as
to what's going on with UFOs.
They are there.
The people in the country
where the UFO went down,
if it's a foreign country,
they're at the embassy.
They have a group of people
there known as the "country
team," who's coordinating with
the equivalent of whatever it's
called nowadays, the Blue Fly
team and the country in which
they're in, telling
them, you know,
if this is a foreign
power, we need
to help you identify who
that foreign power is
so we can give it back
to them as required
by international law.
Well, we get that.
And a lot of times, there's
no foreign identity.
So we keep it.
>>EMERY: Do you yourself know
any of these individuals?
>>CLIFFORD: I don't
want to get you killed.
If I was to name even who I
might suspect and I hit it,
it can--
it could-- it could cost lives.
Am I trying to get
the information
where I can go ahead and say,
here's the document that names
who they are and shows
that we recovered craft
from other planets?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>CLIFFORD: Then I'm not
as afraid, as concerned.
>>EMERY: Because you have
that for validation, yes.
>>CLIFFORD: Absolutely.
I got it legally through the
Freedom of Information Act.
My major concern is that
these people are not even
elected officials or even
members of the United States
government-- no way,
shape, form, or fashion.
They are from
major corporations.
And these major
corporations may have
ties with foreign
governments that
have interests other than
the same interests that we
might have.
And some of these
foreign entities
that are tied to
these corporations
may be the ones that
are actually in power.
And we don't even know this.
So the whole situation is it
makes for a very scary, very
dangerous type situation.
>>EMERY: Sergeant
Stone, were you
a member of either
one of these projects?
>>CLIFFORD: No,
these were actually
under the demise of the
United States Air Force.
But-- but that being said,
there were interservice assets
that would be brought in
for specific purposes.
Like with me, I was what
they called an "Interfacer."
I wasn't even to know that
Moon Dust even existed or Blue
Fly even existed.
They would have
a three-man team,
and that's what they
were made up of.
But they could draw
on the resources
of the other military
installations
in the area to accomplish
the mission that they
had to accomplish.
>>EMERY: And on top of that--
correct me if I'm wrong.
What about your
classification, because you
were part of something
but didn't even know you
had the classification to
actually be part of that?
>>CLIFFORD: That was
the scariest part of it
all, because the whole situation
is that most of the times
when you went in,
you received what
they called an "in briefing."
When you left, you received what
was called an "out briefing."
And when you left and you
got that out briefing,
you signed what was called
a "nondisclosure statement."
And, you know, the only time
you're supposed to get these
is when the mission's classified
and you have the classification
to be knowledgeable
of that information.
I thought, gee, I don't
have a security clearance.
And it wouldn't be until
they tried to court martial
me because I shooting
off my big mouth,
not following
orders given to me,
that I was no longer
to talk about UFOs.
I was not to talk to the media.
I was not to write to government
organizations about UFOs.
Nor was I to write to
members of Congress
or even to the President
of the United States.
I consider that
an illegal order,
and I continued to
do what I was doing.
>>EMERY: Let's explain
to everyone for us
how is the military working
together on these projects.
Or are they fighting over
these crafts and devices?
>>CLIFFORD: Well, in this
particular situation dealing
with UFOs, there is
absolutely positively
no interservice rivalry over it.
The information
is being gathered
to glean the
technology involved,
to exploit that technology,
that advanced technology.
But with the Air
Force being in charge
of the units that are
actually involved, going back
to that Air Intelligence
Service unit that's
there at Fort Belvoir, from
there, it goes on to the--
they could go through, not
necessarily having have to--
the Air Force Office of
Scientific Intelligence,
because that's a direct
tie-in to the CIA's
Office of Scientific
Intelligence,
which from there, they make
the decision where it goes.
From there, that's
the black hole.
I have no idea where
they send it out to.
I do know that it goes through
R&D. After the military R&D,
we go over-- we were
able to discover this,
but we can't do no more with it.
Civilian indux-- our
civilian industrial,
can you go ahead and
do something with it?
Higher universities.
>>EMERY: And who chooses that?
Is it just the
director of the CIA,
because obviously, the president
doesn't know this is going on.
>>CLIFFORD: There--
there's a team
that decides to
do that that works
with the director of
Central Intelligence.
One of the key drawbacks
there which they're not always
briefed is in fact that--
that of the Air
Intelligence-- or I'm
sorry-- of the Intelligence
Advisory Committee, which
in 1952 actually won there
would be a stronger stance taken
against UFOs, up to and
including the point where
the National Security Council
would be advised about UFOs
and issue what's called a
"National Security Council
intelligence
directive," which would
have gotten the
entire intelligence
community involved.
The reason for that, the
Intelligence Advisory Committee
felt that the time
involved to identify
the phenomena, the unidentified
flying object, wherever
it was seen may take weeks.
That's too long.
By that time, you can
have atomic devices
dropped on your country.
And as a result of
that technical surprise
coming to you, you could
lose the war before you ever
got involved in it.
They want rapid, quick
identification of the object.
They wanted to have in
place the capability
to neutralize any threat that
might be associated with it.
This was the one
thing they wanted.
The CIA wanted to go
ahead and downplay it.
The CIA had the Air Force
go ahead with the stance
that there's nothing to UFOs.
It was the CIA.
It went back and told the Air
Force that, you know what?
Right now, Blue Book,
they have 20% unknowns.
You need to produce or
to reduce that number.
In time, they
reduced it to 7.7%.
>>EMERY: Which is still a lot.
>>CLIFFORD: Oh, yeah.
But it's also a lie--
>>EMERY: Yes--
>>CLIFFORD: Because
the way we reduced it,
we went ahead with the
possible and probable
meteorological explanations,
misidentification,
possible/probable
civilian and/or military.
>>EMERY: A bunch of fluff.
>>CLIFFORD: After about
six, seven months,
that possible or
probable became gone.
And that's what it was,
even though we knew better.
Then the situation with
the NRO, the Air Force
went ahead and, like
most of us today,
decided it has to be these
highly classified programs
the NRO is working with.
>>EMERY: So have you
contributed to this program
specifically directly
or indirectly?
>>CLIFFORD: Reluctantly,
I attributed to it.
>>EMERY: In what way?
>>CLIFFORD: In the
fact that interfacing,
where you're the one carrying
on the talk with the visitor
or who--
whomever they have there.
Also picking up-- and
I'm ready to use the term
"psychically" on
some of the things
that's going on in
that particular area,
because they tune you
in that our visitors,
when they decided to use you
to follow you throughout life,
you now was a learning
tool for our visitors.
You live a life, and they
learn from that life.
But the situation
is the military
knows you have this ability.
And they want to
use that ability.
Normally, they would
try to get you--
in my case-- the Air Force.
And I'm quite sure most
of these people, that's
where they'd want them to go.
I had medical problems.
I wasn't supposed to
go in the military.
But they assumed
that they'd somehow
get me in the Air Force.
So my duty form
for it initially,
which was to work
against me later on
to help them, they
went ahead and put down
that I enlisted in the
United States Air Force,
because that was the goal.
But by virtue of
everything going on,
I had to go into the
United States Army.
And I wouldn't have
no problems till they
decided that I'm being brought
into the fold, so to speak.
And they needed me to
stay in the military,
and I only had a little
more than a year left.
So we want you to reenlist
for three more years.
And you know, if you don't
do that, we're going to court
martial you because
you're supposed
to be in the Air Force.
So I was a 19-year-old kid.
I was scared to death.
>>EMERY: They're
twisting your arm.
>>CLIFFORD: That's it.
I'll go for it.
And the whole situation is
is that they cannot train--
remote viewing, we can
go ahead and train that.
And people who think that
we ended that program,
they're full of hooey.
We still are working on that
program, the remote viewing.
It was much more
effective than what
we told the public to try
to cover it up and keep it
from Congress.
When they found
out about MK Ultra,
the CIA destroyed
thousands of documents.
Why?
To keep them from falling
into the hands of members
of Congress.
>>EMERY: Because then they
would cut their budget.
>>CLIFFORD: They would.
But the whole situation is what
a lot of people don't know,
even when it comes to the UFO
programs-- and there's more,
which I don't even
know or understand--
these are black funded.
They are money that is taken.
The money is accounted
for, that hey,
we're putting this $100,000
into a black funded project.
They don't name it.
They may have two or
three members of Congress
to go in and talk to the
other members, saying, look,
we can't tell you
anything about it.
But it's necessary
and important that we
keep it, that we finance this
program and make sure it works.
And that happens every year.
The NRO still gets a whole
lot of black funded projects.
>>EMERY: Fascinating
information.
Thank you, Sergeant
Stone, for joining us.
>>CLIFFORD: My pleasure, sir.
Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]